End-User License Agreement (EULA) for 5tatic.dev
Last Updated: 1/21/2024

Welcome to 5tatic.dev. 
This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you the author of this agreement (contact info below) and 5tatic.dev for the bookkeeping services and custom software solutions provided on this website.

By using our services, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not use or access our services.

1.     License Grant
5tatic.dev grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to use the bookkeeping services and custom software solutions provided on our website, subject to the terms of this EULA.

2.     Restrictions
        You may not:
          Modify,
          translate,
          adapt,
          Create derivative works,
        based upon the services or software.
          Reverse engineer,  
          decompile,
          disassemble, (or otherwise attempt to discern the source code of the software.)
          Rent,  
          lease, 
          sell, 
          sublicense, (or otherwise transfer rights to the services or software.)
        Use the services or software for any unlawful purpose or in a manner that violates any applicable laws.

3.     Intellectual Property Rights
All intellectual property rights in the services and software, including any associated documentation, are owned by 5tatic.dev or its suppliers. This EULA does not transfer any ownership rights to you.

4.     Warranty Disclaimer
The services and software are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. 5tatic.dev does not warrant that the services or software will meet your requirements or operate uninterrupted or error-free.

5.     Limitation of Liability
5tatic.dev shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages arising out of or in connection with the use or inability to use the services or software.

6.     Termination
This EULA is effective until terminated. Your rights under this EULA will terminate automatically without notice from 5tatic.dev if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this EULA.

7.     General
This EULA is governed by the laws of the jurisdiction where 5tatic.dev is located. Any dispute arising from or relating to this EULA will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that jurisdiction.

8.     Contact Information
For questions regarding this EULA, please contact
  Owner:      Aaron M. Ross
  Email:      aaron.ross@5tatic.dev

end.
